Brother Tianba is so cool
Dali Jue makes the masterpiece
admire admire hum
Who says you have to rely on strength to lift this thing?
We are all in the Immortal Sect, and nature uses the Tao Dharma
Do you think so?
Well, the wind channel method is lost
You are now under the other party.
How can this be won?
Junior Sister, I finally let Xiao Yifeng lose his life
hum
You go down
Don't be embarrassed here
Ah, it's really cheap
real stuff
I see you hit the sand.
There is no way
Brute force
Are you here to be funny?
Without Taoism, where would he get the brute force?
What is the ability of raising your hands?
You have to reach for it with one hand.
It's possible.
I have to show you a piece
Light and blood are not as good as Caotang Daylight Flying Hall
Although this is the first time the Heavenly Abyss Sect has seen swordsmanship
But he played it so well
Not to mention a sword like this
Look what that is